menu "Zephyr"
source "Kconfig.zephyr"
endmenu

menu "Tracker Configuration"
    menu "Vehicle Speed Detection"

    config VEHICLE_SPEED_DETECTION
        bool "Enable Vehicle Speed Detection"
        default y
        help
            This option enables the vehicle speed detection feature in the system.
            It allows the system to monitor and report the speed of the vehicle in real-time.
            This feature is essential for applications that require speed monitoring and control.
    config RADAR_SENSOR_DISTANCE_MM
        int "Distance between sensors (mm)"
        range 100 1000
        depends on VEHICLE_SPEED_DETECTION
        help
            The physical distance between the two magnetic sensors in millimeters.
            This value is used to calculate vehicle speed when a vehicle passes
            over both sensors. A larger distance generally provides more accurate
            speed measurements but requires more space for installation.
    
    config RADAR_SPEED_LIMIT_KMH
        int "Maximum speed permited (km/h)"
        range 10 300
        default 60
        depends on VEHICLE_SPEED_DETECTION
        help
            The maximum allowed vehicle speed in kilometers per hour.
            This value is used to trigger alarms or log over-speed events
            when a vehicle's calculated speed exceeds this limit.
            Adjust this setting according to local traffic regulations.

    config SENSOR_DEBOUNCE_MS
        int "Sensor debounce time (ms)"
        range 10 500
        default 50
        depends on VEHICLE_SPEED_DETECTION
        help
            The debounce time for the sensors in milliseconds. This is the time
            that the system will wait after detecting a signal from one sensor
            before considering it valid. A longer debounce time can help to filter
            out noise and false signals, but may also delay the detection of a vehicle.
            A value of 10ms is generally a good starting point.
    endmenu
    
    menu "Thread Configuration"
        config THREAD_STACK_SIZE
            int "Max stack size used in threads"
            default 1024
            help
                The maximum stack size used in threads. This value is used to
                allocate the stack space for each thread. A larger stack size
                allows for more complex operations and more local variables,
                but also consumes more memory. A value of 1024 bytes is generally
                a good starting point for most applications.

        config THREAD_PRIORITY
            int "Thread priority"
            default 5
            range 0 10
            help
                The priority of the threads in the system. This value determines
                the order in which threads are scheduled for execution. A higher
                priority value means that the thread will be executed before
                lower priority threads. A value of 5 is generally a good starting
                point for most applications.
    endmenu

    menu "SNTP Configuration"
        config DEFAULT_SNTP_SERVER
            string "Default SNTP server"
            default "200.160.7.186"
            help
                The default SNTP server to use for time synchronization. This
                server will be used if no other server is specified. The server
                should be reachable from the network and should support SNTP
                requests.

        config TIME_SYNC_INTERVAL_MS
            int "Time synchronization interval (ms)"
            default 3600000
            range 60000 86400000
            help
                The interval in milliseconds at which the system will synchronize
                its time with the SNTP server. A value of 3600000 ms (1 hour) is
                a good starting point for most applications, but can be adjusted
                based on the application's requirements.
        
        config NUMBER_OF_RETRIES
            int "Number of retries for SNTP requests"
            default 3
            range 1 10
            help
                The number of times the system will retry to synchronize time with
                the SNTP server if the initial request fails. A value of 3 is a good
                starting point, but can be adjusted based on network reliability and
                application requirements. 
    endmenu

    menu "HTTP Client Configuration"
        config SERVER_HOSTNAME
            string "Server hostname"
            default "192.168.0.12"
            help
                The hostname of the server to which the HTTP client will connect.
                This should be a valid hostname that resolves to an IP address
                reachable from the device. The default is set to "example.com",
                but should be changed to the actual server you want to connect to.

        config SERVER_PORT
            int "Server port"
            default 5000
            range 1 65535
            help
                The port number on which the server is listening for HTTP requests.
                The default is set to 80, which is the standard port for HTTP traffic.
                If your server uses a different port, you should change this value accordingly.

        config SERVER_URL
            string "Server URL"
            default "/api/speed-infractions"
            help
                The URL path on the server to which the HTTP client will send requests.
                This should be set to the specific endpoint that the server expects for
                receiving data. The default is set to "/api/speed-infractions", but should be changed
                to match your server's API.
        
        config CLIENT_MAX_RECV_BUF_LEN
            int "Maximum receive buffer length"
            default 1024
            range 256 8192
            help
                The maximum length of the receive buffer for the HTTP client.
                This value determines how much data the client can read from the server
                in a single response. A larger buffer allows for larger responses,
                but consumes more memory. A value of 1024 bytes is generally a good starting point.
        
        config RECV_BUF_LEN
            int "Receive buffer length"
            default 512
            range 128 4096
            help
                The length of the receive buffer used by the HTTP client. This buffer
                is used to store incoming data from the server. A larger buffer allows
                for more data to be received at once, but also consumes more memory.
                A value of 512 bytes is generally a good starting point for most applications.
        
        config RECV_TIMEOUT_MS
            int "Receive timeout (ms)"
            default 5000
            range 1000 30000
            help
                The timeout in milliseconds for receiving data from the server.
                If no data is received within this time, the client will consider
                the request failed. A value of 5000 ms (5 seconds) is a good starting point,
                but can be adjusted based on network conditions and application requirements.

    endmenu

    menu "Simulation Configuration"
        config SYSTEM_SIMULATION
            bool "Enable system simulation"
            default n
            help
                This option enables the system simulation mode. In this mode,
                the system will simulate the behavior of the vehicle speed detection
                system without actually using any hardware. This is useful for
                testing and debugging purposes.
        config SIMULATION_SPEED
            int "Simulation speed (km/h)"
            range 0 300
            default 60
            depends on SYSTEM_SIMULATION
            help
                The speed of the simulated vehicle in kilometers per hour. This
                value is used to simulate the behavior of the vehicle speed detection
                system. A value of 60 km/h is generally a good starting point for
                most applications.
    endmenu
endmenu